and we continue here on the cove beach in the corner of the turtle with this chat
very nice
I ask you to come from other regions we are here with the leandro he wants
São Paulo and works in this company that is a reference in Brazil with certainty
you must have heard about the revolver neale years ago
so even the order with it is in the market there are 10 99
we act
we offer vehicles of all brands
'we are homologated by the caoa group that owns the brand hype fashion hype that
It's very important that you do not lose.
the five year warranty
and obviously
our target audience today with this brand buys a lot
I was touching the floor
we have a shield
is three acts here is the most used level today is horrible 3 the network supports
all small arms
do not support rifle
the rest second everything so you were pure
is 100% safe with today's urban violence
the shield
will bring what more tranquility to your family you are my friend you
what business owner you and that executive and especially your wife will take the
children in college child in college
the executive floor in são paulo street
It's more the big São Paulo we talk more than half are
the executive year on the street today the assaults on the corners
no more small arms assaults very light weapons 38
the assailant has a point 40
nobody gets 100% protected even
incredible as it may seem is a reality today the market
so much so that there are now 90
up to about 90 armadores in the state são paulo a hori com is one of the
five major dominated and we have agreement with all brands of vehicles
any brand
obvious that he would not give to us today is the main focus
- let's approve the title
let's access the game as it already is from the site the hollywood there is a quest and
to have a look at the website is good
we are going back with this second part of the chatting that eat of the hour igor that
Well, I'm not asked for peace, but because this chat on the beach because
here is the best place are the ones of the guarujá increase
this tossing with his family have a azerie fun and why not us
guarujá to haiti we are well against us in big businessmen of são
paulo here in the guarujá and the guarujá is to be congratulated
and also all general gasoline Paulistas from other regions who also
visited a store now it only tends to win with it
I'm going out there, it's good the people are curious to know
the locality
how does it work, can you ask for a free quote?
information leads because it speaks 10 obvious that we are not here
is to enjoy a beach in guarujá the show
do not doubt but I will enjoy and work a little bit also heard
by Reuters
commercial never to face Sao Paulo
I think it's important the people know
I already got in touch with us our factory is in embu of the arts
technical assistance and the matrix in
in Sao Paulo
another one was found by friends with me can make the contact I make
budget
david and
how many times
need only call 11 704 9
neither half
he talks to me
passed this increase I take in the important factory of the people
we are
extremely transparent
when the customer orders the vehicle
at any time the customer can visit the factory
without warning and dreams of arriving our factory that is embu of the arts
not to advance
our factory park he can enter the factory any time to see
the position
the moment the car is
the time that is armored for example is the part the fact is that without the due
before assembly it will see all the internal finishing safety
what will he say if they really want
he stresses
according to the note at the moment give
the moment the thug is on his car eventually
so it goes because it will get 100% security I have no doubt
Today I felt very good given
it's already clear
what the customer has
with respect but the heart for him to the family but the driver
children at school get their children in school
a better security armored car
This certainly remembers
now to finalize that to see what the mind a doubt my tarquini and with
sure said the doubt of the staff that I have a large car
boeing and ge to influence something on the speed of the car is a
question constant shock to you a constant question is an agent
he search
the reform the client intends to convey
the above 140 to 150 horses
a street fight today
of this level 3 art with our technology that I light
90% of opaque part herrmann
or increased
does not pass more than 200 kilos a shield
the more obvious that if you have a car
with little power will influence but our car today the floor is bound
we agree to work in the area of ​​consciousness absolutely headlines
us even when we have any proof
the warship which are vehicles we bought
we toasted
we understand that compelling vehicles have already been
usually we make the customer
walk in the car and without mercy makes the pass given do not cause to shield and in the car
armored by us he sees the finish the quality of the finish
my car is perfect
in the same way that he is the regional
nothing is changed
transparency of cases only
is very cool and then he trident passes in an armored car that he does not
will feel almost nothing strange
Missing this very cool chat with Andrew
You who want to arm your car are waiting for what?
safety
insurance died of old my father always said then
come also you know all information of the sheet with the wall
besides the meals besides the arrest in the outside is good